DOC-8367 added language for immutable backups (#17495)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v22.2/use-cloud-storage.md

## Additional cloud storage feature support

### Immutable storage

> To complete a backup successfully, `BACKUP` requires [read and write permissions](backup.html#required-privileges) to cloud storage buckets. Delete and overwrite permissions are **not** required. As a result, you can write backups to cloud storage buckets with object locking enabled. This allows you to store backup data using a _write-once-read-many (WORM)_ model, which refers to storage that prevents any kind of deletion, encryption or modification to the objects once written.

Reviewer: I think this is a more precise restatement, if I understand what this means?

```suggestion
To execute `BACKUP` statements, a SQL user must have [read and write permissions](backup.html#required-privileges) to cloud storage buckets. Delete and overwrite permissions are **not** required. As a result, you can write backups to cloud storage buckets with object locking enabled. This allows you to store backup data using a _write-once-read-many (WORM)_ model, which refers to storage that prevents any kind of deletion, encryption or modification to the objects once written.
```
